GH-46209: [Documentation][C++][Compute] Add cpp developer documentation for row table (#46210)
apache/arrow: docs/source/cpp/index.rst

         To the API Reference

.. grid:: 1 2 2 2
   :gutter: 4
   :padding: 2 2 0 0
   :class-container: sd-text-center

   .. grid-item-card:: C++ Development
      :class-card: contrib-card
      :shadow: none

>       Find the guideline and documentation for Arrow C++ developers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Find guidelines and documentation for Arrow C++ developers
```

      +++

      .. button-link:: ../developers/cpp/index.html
         :click-parent:
         :color: primary
         :expand:

>          To the C++ Development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         To C++ Development
```
